great was the joy with fans of
famous scifi movie rather than saw and
gearbox the works aliens colonial
marines announced
the game is valid thanks to the license
on the entire movie as official
Continuation to James Cameron's cult
production succeeds in this
promising shooter us in the
adds to the sweaty atmosphere
tear
or is that as comfortable as that
tender hug of a window something
went to the uss to marco
and who is for the disappearance of
entire crew responsible one
military rescue team wants
find answers to these questions and
send your own troop on board
after looking at the remains of one
Android meets in your shoes
of corporate winter quickly realized that
any help too late it comes now to
first time is the length of the devastated
marching and the beeping of the ship
motion pictures getting higher and higher stops
one of the breath and just after that
sight of the infected spaces and that
first you build up the tension
the entire fan of the game already
verpulver because what the player after
expected a promising start
is a poor shooter whose only one
quality the optical similarity to
elend's film is technically
colonial marines an average
User control is liquid
get a hand of weapons with those
one intergalactic about the target funds
It should not be difficult to rot
the theoretically so threatening elin 'them
not very smart even in bigger ones
groups are therefore of little more
as easy is cannon fodder
in the movie are speed and
the greatest strengths of
own the deadly aliens in the game
viecher none of these characteristics
they obviously have big problems
to navigate on ceilings and walls
but they are usually on the ground too
overwhelmed and offer themselves for
me as an attack surface for the soaps
sometimes experienced the assault rifle
then how things are in the
Hide darkness around in the right way
moment to attack if you then
They just stay shelling
apparently they have to vegetate anyway
have no chance to seem completely
they have to be mad at you
reason to do so
the same applies to the human
pages that put you in the way and
just as harmless are in theirs
intervened they have no tactics on
usually they flow from one collected
frame refer position behind one
Cover from the player as well
crappy
but even in this simple one
Behavior often happens to them rough
carver
in their search for cover they run
not just players over or
positions themselves in the glass walls and
windows
but also your own comrades suffer
under the same weak ki
That's why they do not have water polo players
a lot
The marines hope to be a hard one
almost always they refuse first
to go to doors
sometimes seemed haphazard about the game
around and are from a room ins
next one wins if you take him too fast
is the half - baked career on the
play everything you really need to know
should be action and tension
The story can not change that
the player with a heap
boring soldier without
facial expression sends to the war
the short cutscenes do not work
bit on the characters a
therefore none of them disappear
another obligatory death by just
Interested
takkt official licenses access to
props succeeded the developers
in many places from the movie 11 into the game too
transferred both on the lay so was
The content will be fans at home
feel computer vehicles was from
stationary gunner for a live game
a sense of authenticity numerous
features and errors diverge quickly
Colonial marines have clipping errors
they say that through the
own comrades can march through
did not show the friendly float
soldiers clearly above the ground often
a lot of shade and mostly
spongy textures become stronger
Delay loaded
You also meet something here and
fire effects of past consoles
generation in some moments you have
A little change in the ballerei
Here you sit in a power or or
for that the smartphone also own one
Unarmed escape from the nest says
momentarily for mood in this level
you have to blink at misery
however, they creep up
noises react
In the end, one flees from one
Oversized monster and must be hectic
behind them the doors weld the
breaks it again and again
And there are many elements of that
play have fun
the use of the motion jpeg that is
obsolete there is still so warned if
approaching opponents when both normal
as well as an enemy constantly on the
to increase players
one wonders why one does not have any
Comrades have it are extraordinary
circumstances a common game track
campaign offers aliens colonial marines
also some multiplayer modes this
definitely leave a better one
impression
Of course you have the classic here
play type with child matches in which one the
choice between everyone and marin has the
to offer games of escape and survivor
a high degree of nervousness and fear
that you are also in the main game
would wish
the miserable because of the stop his
get used to taxes and their
weak melee attacks only a little
opportunities associated king collected the
Hear her against the well-armed
soldiers mostly the shorter one
this circumstance like that still sent
balanced as you after the end of the round
therefore change must
aliens colonial marines on almost everyone
a forgettable worthy
story and a laughably bad one
no left truly bad
aftertaste
the game looks and sounds like
the film template hours fuller
wasted potential windows movies
become small things like the imprint
by Lance Henriksen to find joy
But these elements are just dripping
a very hot stone